Add table pagerduty_incident_log. Closes #5 (#6)
turbot/steampipe-plugin-pagerduty: docs/tables/pagerduty_incident_log.md

# Table: pagerduty_incident_log

> Retrieves the record of all log entries for the specified incident.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Retrieves the log entries for the specified incident.
```

> 

Reviewer: We should add a line here about the required key qual (incident ID), similar to tables in GitHub and other plugins.

> ## Examples

Reviewer: Can you please add an example where we list a subset of incidents from the `pagerduty_incident` table, and then join those incident IDs with this table to get the logs for each incident?

> ### List all activities on specified incident in last 3 days

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### List incident logs for an incident from the last 3 days
```

```sql
select
  id,
  incident_id,
  created_at,
  agent ->> 'summary' as created_by
from
  pagerduty_incident_log
where
  incident_id = 'Q0FH5K82AJ101C'
  and created_at > now() - interval '3 days';
```

> ### List all activities performed by users

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### List incident log entries for activities performed by users
```

```sql
select
  id,
  incident_id,
  created_at,
  jsonb_pretty(channel) as action,
  agent ->> 'summary' as user_name
from
  pagerduty_incident_log
where
  incident_id = 'Q0FH5K82AJ101C'

>   and created_at > now() - interval '3 days'

Reviewer: Is there a reason we limit the incident logs we retrieve to 3 days? How many incident logs/how far back do they usually go for a given incident?

Author: @cbruno10 there is no specific reason to limit the date range to 3 days. API doesn't have any specific max. limit set on the date range.

Reviewer: @Subhajit97 Can you please remove the `created_at` clauses in this example, and the one below?

  and agent ->> 'type' = 'user_reference';
```

> ### List all activities performed by service

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### List incident log entries for activities performed by services
```
